c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\PeopleHealthPharmacy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.frmfront.resources
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.home.resources
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\PeopleHealthPharmacy.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Sales.resources
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Help.resources
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Inventory.resources
c:\users\yasser\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.Reports.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.addquantity.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.deleteitem.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.DeleteQuantity.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.edititem.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.NewItem.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.ViewSale.resources
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\GitHub\dp2\GUI\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe.config
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\GitHub\dp2\GUI\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.exe
C:\Users\Yasser\Documents\GitHub\dp2\GUI\WindowsFormsApplication1\WindowsFormsApplication1\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication1.pdb
